feat(docs): add some examples of MoveAuthenticator tampering attacks (#10048)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/account-abstraction/how-tos/authenticator-cryptographic-protection.mdx

---
title: Cryptographic Protection in Authenticators

> tags: [move-sc, account-abstraction, security]

Reviewer: you need to declare account-abstraction and security in tags.yml

Author: fixed in cd9d3eebf7

teams:
  - iotaledger/vm-language
description: Learn how to properly implement cryptographic protection in authenticator functions to prevent transaction tampering attacks.
---

> This guide explains the importance of cryptographic protection in authenticator functions and demonstrates a critical vulnerability that can occur when it's missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains the importance of cryptographic protection for the transaction data when building authenticator functions and demonstrates a critical vulnerability that can occur when it's missing.
```

Author: fixed in cd9d3eebf7
